Updates to Scope and Authentication Type on page https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/oauth/tokens/ (#844)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/oauth/tokens.adoc

[field]#permissions# [type]#[Array<String>]#::
The permission granted to the recipient Entity by the target Entity. This claim is only present if permissions are associated with the grant and any requested permissions are found in the grant.

> [field]#scope# [type]#[String]#::

Reviewer: We handle scopes a bit differently than other providers. Usually a scope is either a standardized string (like `offline_access`, defined in the OIDC spec) or custom, defined by the user of the idp (as outlined here: https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues/275 ). But for this case, we have a specific format we support.

Can you add a link to https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/oauth/#client-credentials-scopes which outlines what scope values are valid?

> The scope of the Access token. See scope defined by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope of the Access token. This meaning of this field is specified by
```

but see above about how we constrain the use of the `scope` parameter.

https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-3.3[RFC 6749 Section 3.3] and referenced in Client Credentials Grant https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-4.4[RFC 6749 Section 4.4]

> 

Reviewer: You don't need this `+`.

Author: I think this is a goof on Github's part. I show just one space, similar to all other fields under the API class.
